---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

##The First of Many

Hello! And welcome to my blog! My name is Rohit Venugopal and I am currently a junior at the University of Texas at Austin. I am currently pursuing a BS in Computer Science. Some of my interests include solving Rubik's Cubes, Taekwondo, Longboarding, dancing, and video games. Of course, I love to program too!

###What did I do this past week?

Most of my time spent this past week was learning about our new project and working on it. I also spent time learning about Jekyll, Github Pages, and writing and creating this blog. Here's to hoping I'll continue to enjoy updating this blog!

###What's in my way?

I'd have to say that I am feeling a little bit swamped with all the tools that were thrown at me right off the bat. However, day by day I'm chipping away at this road block. Soon it'll be just pebbles by the road. I already feel rather comfortable with creating these blog posts! All that's left is the project tools and I should be home free.

###What will I do next week?

I'll have to keep up with the readings for this class. I've already started working on it this weekend (1/20 - 1/21) but I'd like to finish everything by Monday. I also will need to work on the project. We have about a week left to finish it, and I feel like I need to really start focusing now. School has just started and the clock is already ticking, hahaha. I believe that this project should go smoothly if I utilize the office hours and work on it regularly.

###Experience so far

I had Professor Fraij for Algorithms and Complexity last semester, so everything has been to my expections so far. I'm just waiting for that first curveball to hit me though. That's when I'll really need to put the metal to the grinder. But so far things have been fairly smooth. I loved how in depth Professor Fraij was when expalining the project. The quiz that we had was very similar to those that I in Algorithms last semester. All in all, I'm really looking forward to next week!


###Tip-of-the-week

Make time for your friends. They are a great safety net in case you are ever feeling down. There's nothing quite like taking an hour to grab lunch with some close friends and dicussing how life has been going.
