---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

What did I do this past week?

It has been an extremely busy week. Our IDB1 project was due this week. This project took a bit longer than my team expected. It did not help that we started rather late too. Yet we still managed to finish on time. Our project was a Super Smash Bros. (a video game) Database. Now that we've finished the first part, I'm excited to start working on the next part.

What's in my way?

We have a little problem with our sorting algorithm. It's not a problem with the algorithm itself, but the fact that it works on a local server, but not when we host the website on AWS. We're not completely sure what the problem is, but we'll be sure to iron it out during the second part of the project.

What will I do next week?

Start working on the second project. I figure this part will be more concentrated on backend work and pulling data from our source websites. I'll have to be more efficient with my time management because I have several exams coming up. I can't sacrifice for the other this late in the semester.

Experience so far

We've been going over relational algebra a lot in class and they seem to be very useful, especially when dealing with databases. I still love the fact that we learn the uses of the algorithms and are then allowed to create our own implementation of them.

Tip-of-the-week

Do you find yourself typing long commands in terminal often? Then all of sudden you have work on a different part of a project that uses different commands. All right. FInished that. Oh no... Now I need type those long commands all over again. Never fear. Using Ctrl+R in the terminal allows you to search for commands that you previously entered.
