---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

What did I do this past week?

It's been a busy week. I've had several exams and hopefully I've done well on them. In class, we spent more time talking about Python and some its specifics. We talked about iterators and generators and their differences in Python. We were also introduced to decorator functions. Decorators are so interesting! We have an exam in this class next week, so I have been spending some time studying for this exam.

What's in my way?

This exam. It will be a programming exam, and I haven't had a programming exam since freshman year, so I am a bit nervous. I had never programmed in Python until this class, so I'm a little worried about how I will do. I am glad that we do get a "cheat sheet" for the exam. It should definitely prove to be useful. There are a lot of little interesting semantics to Python, and I'm not sure that I can remember them all.

What will I do next week?

I'll spending a large chunk of my time preparing for this exam on Monday, but after that I will be free. I will have to finish my "cheat sheet" by Monday. After the exam I plan on looking at the next project. The next three projects all build upon each other and we will have partners to work on them, so I better start searching right now.

Experience so far

This class is great! I'm learning a brand new language, both through class and a project that I'm working on personally. The only down point is with regards to the grading scheme. In our projects, the maximum score is 70 points. Any bonus points we earn are not added on top if we have a perfect score. This is a little bit of a let down to be honest. 

Tip-of-the-week

It's midterm season again! Grab a study buddy and crack open those textbooks! In my opinion I always tend to do better on my exams when I study for them with a friend. Of course this varies from person to person, so plan and study accordingly. Good luck everyone!
