---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

What did I do this past week?

Most of my time spent this past week was put into finishing the Collatz project that was due on Thursday. Luckily I managed to find a solution and was able to finish the complete project by Wednesday. I created my tests that tested as many edge cases that I could think of and submitted the project.

What's in my way?

At this point, the next project is the next big task to take care of. I'll have to start as early as possible (as is the usual) because I do have a Physics exam coming up soon. I have to make sure I do well on both the exam and this project.

What will I do next week?

My to do list is nearly the same. I must continue to keep up with the readings for each of my classes. I will also have to find a partner for the next project in this class. Apart from working on the project, I will need to set time away to study for my Physics exam. So the comming weeks look to be a little heavy.

Experience so far

The class continues to be a fairly simple class. In recent classes we have been writing our own versions of functions that we have been talking about in class. I quite enjoy these exercies because they require me to do a little bit more than just copy down what's given on the board.

Tip-of-the-week

Project ideas can come from anywhere. Literally. I attended a Taekwon-do tournament over the weekend and somehow ended up working the center ring. I ran the software that was used for scoring contestants during their patterns and sparring. It wasn't bad, but the system was extremely convoluted and clunky. There were too many bugs than necessary. And now I've decided that I'd like to try my hand at redesigning the scoring system into something much more simpler.
