---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

What did I do this past week?

Not a whole lot was done this week, but that is partially due to the fact that we had an exam on Tuesday. On Thursday, we had a guest lecture with Conrad Stoll from Mutual Mobile. As such, there wasn't much material that we talked about in class. In the meantime, I've started my search for partners to work on the next project. Hopefully more brains make this project very simple.

What's in my way?

Spring Break. The fact that I know that it is one week away is driving my motivation into the dirt. But here is where I need to put the pedal to the metal and get through one final exam. Then I can finally enjoy this (well-deserved?) break. Other than that, the only block that I having is finding partners for the project, but I've already started my search.

What will I do next week?

I plan on starting the next project as soon as possible to give myself ample time to complete it. My only worry that working with a group of five, we might not all be able to work on the project at the same time. But I suppose that simulates a more realistic working environment where all team members won't be able to work on the same part at the same time. I'm excited to see what the project entails!

Experience so far

The class has been going well so far. The midterm came at a good time and I'm hoping for a good result. The fact that this class does not have a final is truly a breath of relief. The guest lectures that we've had have also been great! They give us a good look into what goes on in companies and helps me to compare with my own experiences.

Tip-of-the-week

Rather than a tip-of-the-week, I'm making a tip-for-next-semester. It might be in your interest to look into the Programming Languages course here at UT. In this class you'll learn Haskell, a Turing Complete language, and the anatomy of programming languages. This class makes several parallels to Python with its closures and lambdas. The material is interesting (in my opinion) and the homework isn't too hard. Consider it when you're registering next semester.
