---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

Welcome back! Here we are wrapping up another week here in glorious Texas! And now for some much needed updates.

What did I do this past week?

I spent quite a bit of time working on the Collatz project for this class. There was a little bit of difficulty setting up all the tools and requirements because I had never used them before. Between Travis CI, multiple Github Repositories, and Sphere Online Judge, I must have spent at least 3-5 hours just working things out and making sure everything was organized and where it should be. But to be honest, I'm not one hundered percent sure that everything is perfect. Unfortunately, my solution is still not working on Sphere Online Judge (SPOJ). I will have to start looking at other solutions. I'm thinking about implementing a meta cache, but I will have to work out the specifics of it. Other than that, I feel that I am on track to finish this project within the next three days. 

What's in my way?

I have to pick up the tempo. I feel like I am falling behind in my Progamming Languages class (and we're only two weeks into school!). That class has been teaching me a lot of cool new things, including the Haskell language. I still feel that my grasp on lambda functions is still weak. I will have to spend more time during my week to get more comfortable with them. In this class we were assigned homework that required us to draw parse trees given a grammar and rules. The only road block was that the professor had never even gone over these before assigning the homework. Most of the students seemed to be lost just like me. But my professor changed the homework completely and gave us an extension.

What will I do next week?

In the coming week, the first project for this class (CS373) will be due on Thursday. I plan on turning everything in on Wednesday to make sure I have enough time to make changes in case something goes wrong. If the next project comes out I plan on starting to look at that too. Other than that, I have homework in my other classes that I will need to take care of.

Experience so far

This week's lectures were very interesting. We went over the prime solution in Python and talked about the differences between Type and Object in Python. At first I was very lost when we talked about Type and Object. But after going to office hours and reading the post that Professor Fraij posted on Piazza, I feel confident about the subject. On Thursday we talked about expceptions and there was another excellent post on Piazza that greatly reinforced my learning. The most interesting part of this class was the Tail-Recursive Solution for the Factorial problem. 


Tip-of-the-week

This week I went to PAX South, a indie game developer expo. While I was there I ran into a game called Atlas Reactor. It was a turn-based strategy game, but with a twist. All players take their turns at the same time. Eg: I plan my character to shoot an enemy and run to a postion with sme cover. After locking in my decision, the round starts. Enemies and allies shoot/prep/trap together, then everbody moves together. It was very interesting and reminded me of threading and race conditions. How do we ensure that everyone gets to move? What happens if all the enemies attacked one player all at once and killed him/her in one go. It was a very interesting mechanic and I might be willing to purchase the game when I have the money.
